THE GHOST.
“ Be thou a spirit of health, or goblin damned ? ”

It would certainly have been a pity if the Christmas had passed over without something to occupy the public attention ; and it must be gratifying to the lovers of the awful to find a fire and a ghost to enliven the winter evenings. We shall not, however, speculate about the former, as that is a real calamity ; but with regard to the latter affair, we feel bound to tell all we know, which will be best communicated by publishing some letters received by us from parties of eminence and of undoubted veracity.

Sir—I have just seen the ghost walking on the water under London-bridge; its breath was fire, and when it opened its mouth wide, it had all the appearance of a baker’s oven, red hot. I was terrified lest it should set the Thames on fire, and I could not help exclaiming with Shakspeare—
“ The fishes beginning to sweat,
Cried, ‘ Damn it, how hot we shall be I’ ”
I was determined, if possible, to give it into custody, when all of a sudden I saw it was in the shape of an ass, and just as the moon went behind a cloud it vanished. I have to request that you will give me your opinion on this important matter.
Faithfully your’s,
C. Hunter, Bart.
[In reply we beg to observe, that in our opinion Sir Claudius merely
saw his own shadow.]
Sir—It is not true that I have been personating the ghost which has thrown so many old ladies into fits ; and it is to me quite inexplicable that any one could discover aught in my appearance at all calculated to render me a bugbear. I shall certainly bring the affair before the Parliament, as superstitions feelings tend greatly to impede the march of intellect, and particularly militate against any system of national education. The ubiquity of the ghost is truly marvellous, being seen at different places at the same moment; and it is well known that I never was like Cerberus, paying the part of three gentlemen at once. It is my intention to publish my opinions on apparitions in the “Penny Magazine;” but in the mean time I request you to publish my denial of the charge that I have been playing either the fool or the devil with old ladies.	I am, Sir, your’s, &amp;c.
Brougham and Vaux.
Sir—As the story about the ghost is likely to injure my reputation considerably, I entreat of you to undeceive the public mind. The only ghost worthy of attention is the one I represent in the tragedy of Ham-let; mine is the only legitimate ghost ex{}ant, and I consider the attempt which is made to impose upon the world, as dictated by hatred and malice. I rely upon your candour and impartiality to render me this act of justice, and beg to enclose an admission to the shilling gallery, as I am seen to the best advantage at the greatest possible distance.
Your obedient servant,
John Cooter.
My dear Sir—I am compelled to apply to you for consolation at this distressing moment: my tabby has miscarried owing to her being frightened by the ghost. Seven little dear kittens, and one a real tortoise-shell Tom, deprived of existence so prematurely! My poor Tabby was gently caterwauling, when the ghost came in the shape of a huge dog, and bitoff half of her tail ; her condition is deplorable, but I am in hopes that I shall be able to restore that graceful appendage to its proper length. Do lay the perturbed spirit if you possibly can, or the most serious results may be expected. I have just heard of the following. An elderly lady of my acquaintance was suddenly embraced by it in the shape of a Life-guardsman, and her teeth chattered so much from fear that they all dropped out. Her dentist declares that he must make her another new set. A servant girl in my neighbourhood went out on an errand on Sunday night, and did not return home till Monday morning, when she told a most lamentable story about being carried off against her will by the ghost, and how she was detained by it all the night, and how it seemed to oppress her like the nightmare, but would not let her sleep. The girl further says, that the ghost has a spell over her, and that it is likely she shall see it again. I have sent a worthy divine, “a powerful preacher,” to afford her truly spiritual consolation. I have heard of something else which was told to my informant by a person who saw a little boy who had spoken to an elderly woman that thought she had had a glimpse of the ghost. I am making every inquiry possible, and if I meet with the elderly woman, I will accompany her to communicate all she knows and thinks, and thinks that she knows, I send you a present of one of my dear kittens stuffed.
Believe me your affectionate
Herald Office.	Grandmama.
We hasten to give a place to the following from the M-P-ric of Finsbury:—
Dear Sat—An absurd report having got abroad that I am the ghost, or devil, monster, or whatever it may be died, by which the suburbs of London are reported to be haunted, I shall feel obliged by your giving a contradiction to the same. I am neither ghost nor demon, although a devil of a fellow for moral and medical dissection; nor have I been playing any pranks lately, except in the House of Common and at White Conduit House. I never wear a bear-skin dress, nor array myself in a white sheet to frighten nursery girls out of their senses; nor was I seen in “Cut-throat Lane” the other evening, clawing the clothes off the backs of several females, as reported in the papers. It if true that many years back I cut off the head of Thistle wood after his execution, having figured as “the man in the mask” on the scaffold. But, my dear Sat, I submit that this trifling circumstance forms no excuse for my being held up as the  “monster” who has frightened the suburbs from their propriety. Pray set the public right on this point, as I am peculiarly nice on matters that affect my character. I send you a box of Lucifer, forgetting an instantaneous light, manufactured by myself, and I think you will allow them to evince no small acquaintance with the science of chemistry and combustion.
I am, dear Sat, everlastingly your admirer,
Thomas Wakley.