Another Ghost !—A Gentleman of great repeatability in the service of the East India Company, among other ingenious pursuits, applied himself to the study of anatomy. A human skull, which had been placed for sometime in his closet, was, during his absence on a summer excursion, observed frequently to move. Like the secret in the “Agreeable Surprise,” this alarming tale of mystery became [secret pro bono publico]. The servants told it to the neighbours, and the skull was attended by a croud of visitors. At length one of them, more bold than “his fellows,” made a desperate snatch at the head, when the visionary mountain brought forth a mouse, which had actually brought forth a litter of young ones in the [caput mortuum !!!]

Inspite of all the cunning of BONAPARTE, the rapture of bis [Sçuvans] in India, proved that the knowing ones were be to taken in!

The French, infantry destined for this country, have helmets with steel guards, reaching over their shoulders, to ward off the cuts of cavalry. We fancy, with all their precaution, they will in the end find themselves [over-reached].

The Newspapers are now become quite silent about [Carlo]. According to the vulgar proverb, “ they have not one word to throw at a dog.”

At this time of the year, all our boarding school masters and mistresses advertise their respective seminaries. Among the number of the latter, we notice MRS. CROSS, and a MRS. CRUCIFIX.

It was stated in a Morning Paper last week, that a duel had been fought between Lord B. and Lord R. in Ireland, which proved fatal to the latter. We can only say that Letters have been received in town from these Nobleinen, by which it appears they are both well, and that no duel has taken place.

Dr. GISBORNE died yesterday at his house in Clifford-street.

It is worth observing, that a Newspaper is about, to be published in Wales, in the course of the present month, which will be the first ever published in that principality. This circumstance, however, is not so surprising, when it is recollected, that the Cambro-Britons have received such constant supplies of the Bristol, Shrewsbury, Chester, and Liverpool Papers, not to speak of those from the Metropolis. As an historical fact, however, and a proof of the desire of increasing the means of circulating general knowledge (even during a time of war) it is deserving of public notice. Whatever may have been the nature or the value of the arguments, used by some persons, against the multiplicity of Newspapers, they have certainly become, in spite of any temporary or local evil, the great medium of communication, for the public, on every matter of public interest. A Newspaper is only a sort of epistolary correspondence, carried on almost as quick as conversation, between all the subjects of the empire, as well remote as near. Its uses too, in its circulation abroad, must be extensive, as it conveys to all nations, not only the important public occurrences of this country, but a picture of the Opinions, wishes, and principles of the greatest nation (in the true sense of that word) that exists on the face of the globe. We cannot help expressing our own satisfaction, in observing, that The Times maintains such a character on the Continent, that all the public matter contained in it, is translated into German, and published in that language.