ANOTHER GHOST.
Notwithstanding the sad catastrophe occasioned by the Hammersmith Ghost, another apparition has appeared. This nightly wanderer has chosen St. James's Park for a place of rendezvous, where it has been regularly seen by the soldiers on guard for upwards of a week past, between the hours of one and two o'clock in the morning. A few nights ago, it was observed at a late hour by one of the Coldstream Regiment, whilst on duty near the Royal Cockpit. The poor fellow is ready to swear he saw pass by him a woman without a head. The more he reflected, the more terrified he became, as he knew all the Park-gates had been fastened for some hours, and therefore could not suppose it to be some one who had got into the Park set the purpose of frightening him. The Soldier is sure it was not a person dressed up in a white sheet, because he could plainly discern the arms; and notwithstanding his great alarm he observed that the shoulders of the [Ghost] were the highest part of it; he therefore concluded, whatever it might be, that it had got no head. This man was considered as one of the most resolute men in the regiment. He was, however, taken ill immediately on his leaving guard, and the next day sent to the hospital, where he still remains. On Tuesday one of his comrades having heard of the affair, and having to take the same watch that night, was resolved to look out for the Ghost, and to speak to it; accordingly, at the usual time, her Ghostship paid him a visit. She appeared again without a head and entered the Park from the end of Queen-street near to the Royal Cockpit. This veteran, who had often braved a cannon-ball, was now panic-struck at a [shadow]. He described himself to have got a [locked jaw], and when he wanted to cry, “ Who comes there,” he could not utter a word. Although he was [tongue-tied], it does not appear, however, he was [leg-tied], for on the Ghost seeming inclined to be better acquainted with him, he quitted his post, and ran with all possible speed to the guard-room, where he had scarce recited the dismal story to the Serjeant, before he fell into strong fits, and continued so ill afterwards, that he was taken to the hospital on Wednesday, where he is now confined to his bed. Another night this [headless ghost] held its midnight revels in an empty house behind the Armoury Room, and amused itself for some time in opening and shutting the windows; but what is most remarkable of all, the apparition called out as lustily for a light, as if it had got a boatswain's [head] upon its shoulders. Having finished its pranks in the empty dwelling, the soldier who was a witness to this novel scene, observed this dreadful spectre to pass by him at the distance of 50 yards, and [walked] over the [park paling] as easy as he could step over a [straw]; it then proceeded towards the Canal, and vanished from his sight. There are several other stories current amongst the Coldstream Regiment respecting the nocturnal gambols of this [Ghost], and it is said, that several soldiers besides those already mentioned, have seen, whilst on duty, what they suppose a supernatural phantom, which has so affected them, that they were taken ill immediately, and sent to the hospital; but, be that as it may, it is an undoubted fact, that two sentinels have been sent there from the effects of fright, whatever may have been the real cause of it.
