GHOST CUT GHOST. Chambers's journal of popular literature, science and arts, Jan. 1854- Nov. 1897; May 4, 1889; 6, 279; British Periodicals pg. 285
Chambers's Journal, May 4, 18SH.]
GHOST CUT GHOST.
1
of goods for twenty shillings; and in these days of over-production, the wire-drawer has first to reduce his prices as low as he can without deteriorating the quality, and then, if his customer still wants lower prices, he has to take it off his cost of the raw material, with the inevitable result of reduced quality, although the article may he sold by the same name as formerly. It is also certain that a wire-drawer who knows all about the material he is dealing with can select his metal so as to give the results he requires ; but he cannot make a good sound wire from an inferior metal, however well he may do the work which by the division of labour has fallen to his share.
GHOST CUT GHOST.
That cold-blooded demon which we call Science is killing romance from amongst us. Years ago everybody believed in the wonders of the invisible world, and ghosts were among the regular inhabitants of every rural district. Now, we are so seldom suffered to see or hear of a ghost, that a visitation has the effect of novelty. So far as we know, the story of one ghost outwitting another is absolutely unique. The story which we purpose to tell is of this character. We tell it as it was told to us by the most noted detective in the Western States of America.
You may imagine (said Nathan Dodge) that during my career as a detective I have had some singular jobs given me to work on. There was one little piece of business which I always look back upon with a good deal of professional pride, although the ending was a very sad one. It was a case of diamond cut diamond—ghost cut ghost, I call it—and it took up my time for the better part of six months.
About ten miles outside the limits of San Francisco—I’m speaking of about twenty years ago—stood a large farmhouse. This house had been vacant for three years before I saw it. The original owner had been murdered there, and the house and farm had passed into the hands of his brother, who was a New York gentleman. At that time, gold-mining was the staple industry of California, and San Francisco especially was under the spell of the gold fever. Little attention was paid to developing the agricultural wealth of the soil, which now promises to be so vast as to rival that of the gold-beds. So the New Yorker, being unable to find a tenant for the house and farm which had passed into his hands, left them to take care of themselves. Now, a wooden house left to take care of itself is in a very bad way, and though for a time the house was not altogether without tenants, they were not such as took upon themselves any responsibility for the necessary repairs. Parties of two or three miners occasionally stopped at the house all night: these were its only tenants. But by-and-by it was deserted by even those chance visitants ; for it began to get about that the house was haunted. The panic caused by this report was such that for love or money you couldn't have hired a carpenter to enter it even in the daytime. Of course I’d heard of the haunted house ; but as detectives are never called upon to arrest ghosts, I felt no particular curiosity about it.
One morning our chief put into my hands a case, against an absconding secretary named Coffin. Coffin was the secretary of the White Mountain Mining Company. All the funds had been under his control, and he had got away with some ten thousand dollars belonging to the shareholders. My business was to find him.
It is always a very good plan to begin at the beginning. So the day I received my orders, I went to the Company’s office and overhauled everything. The only thing that I could find was a railroad ticket for New York. I went to the depot, and found that it had been issued to the defaulter the day before he absconded. Apparently, it had been left behind by mistake, and I did think of taking the next train to New York. But it occurred to me that if he had been
going to New York he would have gone under another name, and would not have left behind so obvious a clue as to his whereabouts.
A visit to his landlady convinced me that New York was the place he hadn’t gone to. He’d gone away without his trunks or clothes. The only things that were missing were a suit of clothes, a stout pair of boots, one or two clean shirts, some collars, a wide-awake hat, and a black valise. . He had left the town at night. No one had witnessed his departure. Here was a good chance for a detective to work by the inductive process—from small beginnings to work on and on from clue to clue until he bagged his man.
The only thing that I could do was to work all the roads leading out of the town. After about a week at this, I found a farm-hand who had seen a foot-passenger resembling my man the morning after he absconded. I followed this trail, and soon became positive that I was on the right track. Coffin was a shrewd fellow. He had planned the embezzlement and escape carefully, and had made elaborate preparations for playing what we call the ‘ chameleon game,’ that is, for changing his clothing, headgear, and face at every stage. To this end he had possessed himself of a change or two of clothing, a stock of hats, and any quantity of whiskers ; and he rung the changes on these pretty frequently.
The black bag was the only thing that I had to rely upon as a pointer. Fortunately, a man on tramp with a black bag was not in those days a common sight; and I had less difficulty in following Coffin’s trail than might be supposed. The first time I heard of him he was a smoothfaced gentleman dressed in shabby black, looking for all the world like a broken-down gambler going to retrieve his fortunes in some mining camp. The next he was a middle-aged doctor with a flowing beard and heavy moustache. Later on, he was playing the role of a Company promoter, offering to buy up mining claims on behalf of an English syndicate. He was then attired in a check suit, a light hat, and side whiskers. At this stage I obtained positive proof that I was following the right man.
Entering a drinking saloon I saw upon the shelf a photograph of Coffin. The edges were slightly charred. It had evidently been burnt. I told the landlord that the owner of that face was a particular friend of mine, and asked him how the photograph came into his possession. He told me that his hired boy of colour had picked it out of some burnt papers which had been left


Copyright© 2007 ProQuest-CSA LLC. All rights reserved.
286
in the room of one of his guests ; that the boy —not understanding what it was—had brought it to him, and that he was displaying it in ease the owner returned and wished to claim it. Was it like his guest ? Not in the least.
I went into one of the outhouses to look for the coloured boy, and found him sitting oil a log singing:
Blow dat horn  agin ;
Bredren, fr’ends, companions dear,
Blow dat horn agin.
I made a dollar the avenue to that boy’s confidence. and quite unwittingly he gave me the information for which I was seeking. The bright fastening of the bag had aroused his curiosity. One day, in its owner’s absence, whilst he was playing with the lock, the bag llew open, revealing ‘dead men’s whiskers.’ The sight disconcerted him. He felt, as he expressed it, ‘ in a hurry all over;’ and whilst he stood over the bag, its owner returned, and rewarded him with •a vicious kick.
After that I thought I should have no difficulty in laying my hand on Coffin. My calculations deceived me. I found that he was ‘doubling,’ and traced him almost as far as the suburbs of San Francisco. There I lost all trace of him as completely as if the earth had swallowed him up.
Months afterwards, feeling vexed and disappointed, I dropped into a saloon at the outskirts of the town to get a ‘ liquor.’ I had had as pretty a dance after Coffin as any man need want; but the interest of the game supported me, and I was determined not to give it up. There were three or four miners in the bar, and one of them was evidently greatly excited. His companions seemed to be ridiculing him, and he was getting what we call ‘ ugly.’ I made my way towards the little knot of talkers, and overheard the following conversation.
‘ So, you didn’t think much of your lodgings in the haunted house, Bill ? ’
‘No, I didn’t—no two ways about it.’
‘ What did you hear ? ’
t:Twasn’t what I heard—’twas what I saw.’
‘ What did you see, then 1 ’
‘Why, the doors openin’ and sliuttin’ without anybody toucliin’ ’em.’
‘Nonsense, man!’
‘Nonsense be blowed ! I tell you they did. And when I drawed my six-shooter and fired half a dozen shots clean through the door—makin’ the allfiredest row you ever heard—the door kep’ openin’ and shuttin’ and playin’ tunes. I felt like a gone sucker, you bet. My heart began to bump so under my jacket that it’s a wonder it didn't knock a button off. I wouldn’t go there agin for all the money in the State. But if anybody here thinks I’m a coward, he’s only got to say so.’
It suddenly occurred to me that I had located Coffin—that he was the ghost in the haunted house. A vague suspicion of this sort had, it is true, flitted through my mind before; but now, without being able to explain why, I felt assured that, however impossible it might seem, Coffin was the ghost in the haunted house. Beyond the facts that the fame of the haunted house was widespread, and that everybody knew
CHAMBERS’S JOURNAL.
----------□]
[Mny 4.1SS9.
of its existence, there was nothing to support my theory except the maxim of the most famous of all detectives—a maxim destined to assure his after-fame: ‘ Always suspect that which seems probable ; and begin by believing what appears incredible.’
I determined to call in the aid of another detective and visit the place next night. I chose for my companion George Webber, one of the most esteemed members of the force, a man who had proved his worth. Webber was a man of imperturbable calmness, and with great confidence in himself. He would have laid his hand upon the most dangerous criminal as tranquilly as if lie had been accosting a friend.
The haunted farmhouse was situated about a hundred yards from the roadway. What once had been a garden was now a veritable jungle, given up to weeds and bushes. Fortunately, although it was ten o’clock, the night was clear. Innumerable stars lit up the flinty sky. There was no light in the house ; no sign of its being inhabited. The windows of the ground-floor were broken, and some of the doors were open. We entered at the rear. A place of more sinister aspect I never saw. The plastering had crumbled from the walls ; the flooring was rotten ; the ceiling looked as though it might fall at any time, the rafters being bent as if they supported a heavy weight.
The sitting-room where ‘Bill’ had taken up his quarters a few nights previously contained a rough table and a few stools, which had been overturned. I could see that the door which led from it to the staircase had been riddled by bullets. There was a doorway iu the passage, but the door was gone. The door which led into the parlour opened noiselessly. Our lanterns revealed the fact that the tables, glass, and chairs had been overturned, thrown in every direction, trodden upon, shivered into fragments. Everything denoted lhat this room had been the scene of a terrible struggle.
The keyhole of the door which led into the cellar was sewn up with cobwebs. The cellar itself was full of dust and debris. Each of us had a lantern, and each inspected for himself. Running along the side-wall, I detected a wire, and following this I found that it disappeared in an old barrel. Without disturbing the wire,
I removed the head of the barrel, and found that the wire was attached to an old saucepan lid. A thorough examination revealed nothing further ; so we returned to the sitting-room. I did not tell my companion what I had seen, and he had discovered nothing. We did not go up-stairs, because we thought it would be prudent to postpone further explorations until the next day. Meantime, we darkened our lanterns and deposited them in a corner. The room was semi-dark. Our eyes and ears were on the alert; but the house was as still as a tomb ; we saw nothing, and heard no sound.
I had merely told my companion that I expected to make an important discovery. Of its nature he knew nothing.
We waited in the most acute degree of expectation and attention until nearly midnight. All of a sudden I heard faint notes of music, which lasted for a few minutes. By-and-by the music was accompanied by a voice. The sounds were
Copyright© 2007 ProQuest-CSA LLC. All rights reserved.
b.—					
Chambers’s .Tournal, May 4,1889. ]	RECENT SALES OF POSTAGE STAMPS.	287	
as fine and soft as the voice of a child. I was satisfied that the music was the work of human hands and the voice a human voice ; but I was considerably startled. My companion looked very pale, and strove to rise from the place where he sat. I put my hand on his arm to prevent him. It was scarcely necessary, for he could barely muster strength to whisper, ‘ Let’s get.’ The “ music was trailing away into feebleness, when the staircase door began to open and shut.
I felt sure that the wire which I had seen down- I stairs had something to do with this. I made a great effort to rise. To my astonishment, I could not move a limb. I could only bend forward and gasp. A power which I could not resist made me motionless and speechless. Yet all the time I was burning to 1 go ’ for that door, but I hadn’t physical capacity to do so.
My companion recovered first, and seizing both lanterns, dashed from the house and made for the roadway. I jumped to my feet and followed my companion. As I did so, I heard a tunk, tank, tunk ! down in the cellar.
I found my mate in the highway, his face as white as a sheet.
‘ What in thunder ails you, man ? ’ I asked, feeling that the most creditable way of drawing my companion’s attention from my condition was to heighten the absurdity of his.
‘The ghost! ’ he gasped. ‘ I wouldn’t go back to that house to save my life.’
There was nothing for it but to tell Webber what I’d seen and what I suspected. As I have said, my fellow-detective was as brave a man as ever took up a trail; and when I told him what I had seen, he became perfectly self-possessed. We spent the remainder of the night in laying our plans. In the early morning he rode back to San Francisco to get the necessary apparatus for carrying them out. I remained to ‘shadow’ the house.
Just as it was getting dusk, my companion returned, and we re-entered the house from the rear, noiselessly and with great caution. Removing my shoes, I made my way up-stairs, where I fancied I detected a slight noise overhead. There was no sign of this room having been inhabited. The old place was two stories high, with a garret at the top. The garret was evidently reached by a ladder, though none was visible. I surmised that the ghost was in this garret, and that any one showing his head above the scuttle would get it rapped, even if he didn’t get shot. There was a large cupboard facing the entrance to the garret, and in the door of it I bored —on a level with my eyes—a few small holes with a gimlet which I happened to have in my pocket-knife, first drawing it through my hair, to prevent its making the slightest noise. My plan was to play the ghost for the benefit of the occupant of the garret—ghost or no ghost. For this purpose Webber had brought with him an old fiddle. I removed all the strings except one, told my companion to allow me time to secrete myself above, and then to make a noise on that one string, accompanying it with a few groans and other muffled noises.
I hadn’t been hid many minutes before I heard the darnedest row from below. It wasn’t like anything earthly. At first it seemed like one shrieking in pain, then it sounded like bellige-

rent cats, and then it died away in a few complaining sighs. It was so -weird that, although I knew very well that my mate was causing it, I couldn’t help feeling a bit queer. Pretty soon I heard a movement overhead : the scuttle-top was being removed. Next a ladder was thrust down the scuttle. To help Webber to keep up the entertainment, I gave a few groans inside the cupboard. That brought a man down the ladder. He’d no sooner reached the foot of it than I collared him. It was Coffin.
The moment I touched him lie sank down on the floor like—like an empty sack. He seemed as if he hadn’t got a bone in his body : he was as limp as a jelly-fish. Whilst I got him out into the open air, Webber searched the garret, and found all the missing dollars, bonds, &c.
We hurried Coffin back to San Francisco, intending to lock him up. He was still unconscious, and we were obliged to summon a doctor. Poor fellow! he never got over it. When he came out of his swoon, he was mad, and had to spend the rest of his days in an asylum. That’s the effect it has, sir, when a man really believes he has come in contact with the supernatural, as Coffin did.
RECENT SALES OF POSTAGE STAMPS. Most middle-aged people will remember the craze for collecting used postage stamps which about the year 1861 seemed to possess every grade of society ; but perhaps few are aware how, after the mania subsided, a select few still continued the pursuit, and developed what, had been the wild fancy of a moment into the science of Philately. That the collecting of postage stamps deserves the name of science will be denied by many. Yet, if careful and minute observation, research, dexterity, taste, judgment, and patience are sufficient to lift a pursuit from a hobby to a science, then assuredly Philately is a science. Eminent lawyers, physicians, men of letters, and even statesmen are now numbered among enthusiastic stamp collectors ; and there are three collec-j tions in existence—that of Mr T. K. Tapling, i M.P., Herr von Ferrary, and Baron Arthur de i Rothschild, which are worth in the aggregate 1 more than one hundred thousand pounds. This i hitter fact will ensure the respect of many persons who would deny it to any pursuit in which considerable sums of money were not involved.
Postage-stamp collecting of necessity lacks age, as the first postage stamp was issued in 1840, and of course it was impossible to collect what did not exist. England had the honour of issuing the first stamp, which was in value one penny, and in colour black. These stamps are still common ; a used specimen can be purchased of any dealer for a penny, and an unused one for a shilling. Mr Martin Wears, who has devoted some attention to the history of stamps and stamp-collecting, is of opinion that the mania, as it was then called, began soon after the issue of postage stamps. Punch even thought it necessary to ridicule those who devoted themselves to the pursuit. But ridicule seems to have utterly failed in arresting the progress of the new hobby, which by fits and starts continued to enlist

Copyright© 2007 ProQuest-CSA LLC. All rights reserved.