[HAMMERSMITH GHOST]

The Christmas tricks of this goblin have terminated in two melancholy accidents.

Yesterday morning at 11 o'clock, a Coroner's Inquest was held at the Black Lion public-house, Hammersmith, on the body of a young man, named [MILWARD], who had been shot on the preceding night, in Cross-lane, within a few doors of the place, by a young man, named [SMITH], an Officer of Excise; and after a very full investigation of the circumstances, the Jury returned a verdict of ["Wilful Murder,"] against the said [SMITH].

The circumstances which led to that unhappy catastrophe, and which we have been at some pains to investigate on the spot, are as follow:--

For several nights past, some very silly and thoughtless person had been in the habit of walking about the more lonely vicinities of Hammersmith, attired in a white sheet, to frighten women and children; and so far succeeded in acquiring the character of a [dreadful ghost,] as to frighten several poor women almost out of their senses. One woman, the wife of a locksmith, ahs lost her life through the fright, and now lies dead at Brook Green, and two others lie dangerously ill from the same cause. Much alarm and irritation had of course been excited by these circumstances; and Mr. [SMITH] having spent part of his evening at the White Hart public-house, left it, perfectly sober, with a purpose of passing the remainder at a private party, to which he had been invited; but by some means or other his purpose was changed, and he returned to the White Hart, where, amongst other topics, a conversation about the Ghost took place, with the consequences already stated that had befallen several women, and the great terror and alarm it had excited in the neighbourhood; when [SMITH] went for his fowling-piece, which he brought back to the White Hart public-house, loaded it there with powder and shot, said he would act this night, go and try to meet the Ghost, and certainly shoot it. It was past eleven o'clock; he preconcerted with a watchman at the place to go up one lane, while he, Mr. [SMITH], should go round by another, the reputed haunt of the ghost; and as he came through Cross-lane, at the end of Black-Lion-lane, he saw a man dressed in white, whom he challenged, and asked who he was. This person made no answer. The night was very dark. After a minute or two, he challenged him again, and told the person in white, if he did not answer and tell who he was, he would certainly shoot him. The man made no answer, and Mr. [SMITH] fired at him, when he immediately fell, and instantly died. [SMITH] observing him fall, ran up to him alarmed; but seeing him with scarcely any signs of life, he immediately ran back to the public house, expressed his alarm and apprehension that he had killed a man, and his determination of immedaitely surrendering himself to some Magistrate to answer for his misfortune.

Both parties lived in, and were well known to, the neighbourhood. The deceased was a journeyman bricklayer, who was returning from the house of his father to that of his father-in-law, where he lived, at a few yards distance. he was in his working-dress, which was a white smock and trowsers. His sister, who had opened the door to let him out in his way home, had heard the challenge of [SMITH] to him, and the shot which immediately followed; and shortly afterwards saw him lie dead. The discharge must have been very close to the deceased, as his face and shoulder appeared to be much scorched and blackened by the explosion. The contents of the piece entered in a close body his jaw-bone, which it shattered very much, and lodged in the opposite side at the back of his neck. What renders the circumstance still more melancholy is, that the deceased does not appear to have been the person who had assumed the appearance of a ghost.

Mr. [SMITH] readily surrendered himself to justice, and at six o'clock yesterday evening was brought in custody of the Bow-street officers, from the White Hart public-house, where he had been since morning, to town, and committed to prison.