THE NEW HAMMERSMITH GHOST.

This personage, who has been styled the "Monster," in consequence of his having torn as well as frightened divers females, resumed his manly visitations during the recent dark nights; but with one exception, he appears to have most carefully avoided his old haunts; for the hint was taken, and many persons, attired like women, were on the watch. A purse of twenty pounds is stated to have been subscribed for any person who shall bring in the ghostly monster-- dead or alive, of course. On one occasion, the ghost knocked at an old woman's cottage, near Starch green, leading to Acton. She opened the door, when the white-sheeted gentleman presented himself in all the mock horrors of his amiable amusement. She fainted away, in consequence, and has since been very ill. On another night, he attacked an old woman, passing up Angel-lane, where the servant of the Angel public-house was so repeatedly attacked, and which servant is even now constantly the victim of fits. The old lady had a lantern with her. The ghost came behind her, made a groaning noise, tapped at the lantern, &amp; .c.; but she had the presence of mind to avoid expressing any fear, pursuing her course, without looking ot the right or to the left, and only observing-- "You would not be base enough to hurst an old woman, would you?" The ghost continued his tricks, but dame was frim; and when she approached some houses at the end of the lane, the fellow retired. A few nights since the apprentice of Mr. Hammond, smith, &amp; c., residing near Webb's-lane, Hammersmith, was passing up a lane, near some newly=built houses, leading to the Hammersmith Waterworks, close by where [Ghosty] jumped upon an old man's back, and broke his leg, and there the apprentice met with the ghost. The apprentice is a spirited lad. The ghost appeared to him "to rise out of the ground," as he says; but having his thoughts directed to the glory of the transaction, and, perhaps, the reward, he boldly attacked the ghost, threw at him first the basket of tin goods which he had on his arm, and then seized hold of the mantle which the lad says had a silky feel. There was much tugging between them-- at last Ghosty gave the lad a violent blow on the back of the neck, and laid him sprawling in the road, thus disengaging himself, and then hastily decamped. The lad was soon afterwards picked up by some neighbouring people, and conveyed home; but he has since shown no disposition to go out at night, lest he should again encounter the ghost's strong arm. A man residing in Hammersmith alos came in contact with Ghosty one night, and they got struggling for mastery, when Ghosty settled it by giving the man a blow which levelled him with the earth, after which the nocturnal agitator was enabled to escape. It was rumoured that he had been seized one night at Kensington-- that he was discovered to be a Nobleman's son, whereupon the matter was "hushed up," and that he was playing these pranks for a bet, having wagered that he would "walk as a ghost" for a certain number of nights without being taken or "laid." If this were true, the capture would decide the wager; but unfortunately for its truth, he has since appeared.