POLICE

MANSION HOUSE.-- Yesterday the Lord Mayor said that he had received a letter upon a subject, the odd nature of which had induced him to withhold it from the public for some days, in the expectation that some statement might be made through a source of indisputable authority relative to the matter of which it treated.

The following is the letter:--

"To the right Hon. the Lord Mayor.

"My Lord,-- the writer presumes that your Lordship will kindly overlook the liberty he has taken in addressing a few lines on a subject which within the last few weeks has caused much alarming sensation in the neighbouring villages within three or four miles of London.

"It appears that some individuals (of, as the writer believes, the higher ranks of life) have laid a wager with a mischievous and foolhardy companion (name as yet unknown), that he durst not take upon himself the task of visiting many of the villages near london in three different disguises== a ghost, a bear, and a devil; and, moreover, that he will not dare to enter gentlemen's gardens for the purpose of alarming the inmates of the house. The wager has, however, been accepted, and the unmanly villain has succeeded in depriving seven ladies of their senses. At one house he rung the bell, and on the servant coming to open the door, this worse than brute stood in a no less dreadful figure than a spectre clad most perfectly. The consequence was that, the poor girl immediately swooned, and has never from that moment been in her senses, but, on seeing any man, screams out most violently 'Take him away!' There are two ladies (which your Lordship will regret to hear), who have husbands and children, and who are not expected to recover, but likely to become burdens to their families.

"For fear that your Lordship might imagine that the writer exaggerates, he will refrain from mentioning other cases, if any thing, more melancholy than those he has already related.

"This affair has now been going on for some time, and, strange to say, the papers are still silent on the subject. The writer is very unwilling to be unjust towards any man, but he was reason to believe that they have the whole history at their finger ends, but, through interested motives, are induced to remain silent. It is, however, high time that such detestable nuisance should be put a stop to, and the writer feels assured that your Lordship, as the chief magistrate of London, will take great pleasure in exerting your power to bring the villain to justice.

"Hoping your Lordship will pardon the liberty I have taken in writing,
"I remain your Lordship's most humble servant,  "A Resident of Peckham."

The Lord Mayor on reading the account observed that, as our friends on the other side of the atlantic were in the habit of saying, it was "extraordinary if true." In his opinion it was not calculated for the meridian of London, but if any trick had been practised by fools, he had no doubt that the vigilance of the police might be depended upon to prevent annoyance. It appeared to him that the letter, which was written in a very beautiful hand, was the production of a lady, who might have been terrified by some bugaboo into this mode of obtaining retribution at the hands of the Lord Mayor, but as the terrible vision had not entered the city, he could not take cognizance of its iniquities.

A gentleman stated to his Lordship that the servant girls about Kensington, and Hammersmith, and Ealing, told dreadful stories of the ghost or devil, who, on one occasion, was said to have beaten a blacksmith, and torn his flesh with iron claws, and in others to tear the clothes from the backs of females. Not one of the injured people had been known to tell the story; perhaps they didn't like to tell it.

The Lord Mayor believed that one of the ladies who had lost their seven senses was his correspondent. He hoped she would do him the favour of a call, and he would have an opportunity of getting from her such a description of the demon as would enable him to catch him, in spite of the paid press and police.