In consequence of the rumours which have been circulated, respecting a Supernatural Being, or Ghost, having been seen in St. James's Park by several sentinels, Sir Richard Ford sent for the man, who has related the most particulars respecting the /visionary object/. The man told his tale to Sir Richard privately, after which he was cautioned against the folly, as well as wickedness, of inventing such stories, and advised to recollect himself; that at that time, his mind had not got the better of the fear from the darkness of the night, and the reports he had heard of the Ghost at Hammersmith. He was desired to consider of it well against the evening, at which time he persisted in his story; and he was asked, if he would make oath to what he had said? to which he replied in the affirmative. His regular information was then taken upon oath, in writing, and deposited as follows:--

He said his name was G. Jones, a private soldier in Colonel Taylor's Company of the Second Battalion of the Coldstream Regiment of Foot Guards. He was on guard on the last day of the old year, and was appointed, at one o'clock in the morning, centinel at the Recruit-House-Gate, in the Bird Cage Walk, St. James's Park, where he remained until about a quarter before two; when, as he was standing at ease by his centry-box, he saw, all on a sudden, something which seemed to come out of the ground, and had at first the appearence [sic] of a cloud, but could afterwards distinguish the shape of a woman, and saw her arms distinctly, but no head; she appeared to have on a close gown, with red stripes; after staying about two seconds, she moved off very quickly towards the Recruit-House. He further said, that he was at that time, perfectly sober, andin good health, and immediately went and gave information to John Dale, the next ce tinel, of what he had seen, who replied he was not the first who had seen such a thing in the Park.

It is lamentable that such gross superstiton should in the 19th century prevail in the mind even of the most silly or uninformed.